Adds docs for cloud target discovery (#1448)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/reflected-targets/index.md

---
title: Reflected Targets
description: Octopus resources created in cloud providers can be discovered automatically by Octopus
position: 100
---

> Octopus can automatically discover deployment targets during deployment using tags added to cloud resources. These targets that are automatically discovered will also be removed from Octopus when the associated cloud resource is removed. Automatic discovery will take place before the relevant deployment step and can be used as part of deployment processes that create your cloud infrastructure before deployment.

Reviewer: I feel we can drop the word `automatically` in these sentences - it does not seem to add more clarity / context.

Reviewer: > relevant deployment step

This may need a small amount of clarification. Perhaps it could just be simplified to "before deployment steps"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Octopus can discover deployment targets during deployments using tags added to your cloud resources. Octopus will remove any discovered targets when the associated cloud resource is removed. Target discovery takes place before deployment steps, and is useful when your deployment process creates your target cloud infrastructure before deploying software to it.
```

Reviewer: Serving suggestion

:::hint
Using automatic discovery of deployment targets is recommended over the existing [dynamic infrastructure](/docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/dynamic-infrastructure) functionality.
:::

> To enable automatic discovery and clean up of targets use the following steps:

Reviewer: Suggestion: I'd love for these documents to read like our goal:

> Just configure your credentials, and ensure your cloud resources are tagged

That would obviously still need the detail, but I'd like for that to be the first things users read. 

Then after that we could add a "For existing projects" section and talk about the need to enable dynamic infrastructure and set deployments without targets settings if not already done.

This would help new users not having to chew over our legacy to get to what they wanted.

Author: Yeah nice I like it 👍

- `octopus-environment`: The name of the [environment](/docs/infrastructure/environments) the target can be used in during deployments. This tag is required and only deployments for the environment will discover the target.
- `octopus-role`: The [role](/docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets#target-roles) that should be applied to the target. This tag is required and only deployments with a step that matches the role will discover the target.
- `octopus-space`: The name of the [space](/docs/administration/spaces) the target can be used in. This tag is optional and if present only deployments within the matching space can discover the target.
- `octopus-project`: The name of the [project](/docs/projects) the target will be discovered by. This tag is optional and if present only deployments for the matching project can discover the target.
- `octopus-tenant`: The name of the [tenant](/docs/projects) the target can be discovered for. This tag is optional and if present only deployments for the matching tenant will discover the target.

## Examples

> ### ECS Cluster

Author: I added an ECS cluster example here instead of an Azure one as feels like we don't want to appear to be too Azurey/Microsofty. The first piece of work is for reflected Azure Web App targets so I suppose we could add that first and then add an ECS example afterwards when that is available.

As an example, let's say you have an project in Octopus called _Pet Shop_ that deploys an application to an ECS cluster in a _Development_ environment using a role of _PetShopFrontEnd_ and this cluster is dynamically created as part of the deployment using a CloudFormation template.

> To use this ECS cluster previously in Octopus you might have had to put in a [manual intervention step](/docs/projects/built-in-step-templates/manual-intervention-and-approvals) and manually create the target, or add a [script step](/docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/dynamic-infrastructure/new-octopustarget.md) with custom code to try and find and create the ECS cluster target. In addition, previously when this cluster was no longer needed you might have needed to either [run a script](/docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/dynamic-infrastructure/remove-octopustarget.md) or manually remove the target in Octopus.

Reviewer: Not sure if anyone ever added a manual intervention to go in and registered targets - but they would certinly have had to have manually registered the target - perhaps we can simplify the first part to just that?
